# Data-Driven Bridge Management

This repository tracks the progress of the Descriptive and Predictive Deep Learning Bridge Management project.

## Below is a list of important Jupyter Notebook files in this repo and descriptions of what they contain:

1. **Data_Exploration_Integration.ipynb:** This notebook contains code that correlates matching bridge IDs from each year in order to form a time series of bridge evaluations over time.
2. **Data_Exploration_Integration_Weather_Stations.ipynb:** This notebook contains code that concatenates several bridge ID time series files into a single one. Further, it contains code (in progress) which correlates bridge IDs to nearest weather stations for each year.
3. **Dataset_Exploration.ipynb:** This notebook is work from the very initial stage of data exploration for this project. It examined an initial dataset obtained from CCD regarding bridge evaluations in almost identical format to NBI datasets. Visualizations via box plots, desnity plots, a pair plot, as well as a correlation matrix are included.
4. **map_2019_weatherstns_bridges.ipynb:** This notebook primarily includes code that handles the integration of coordinate types offered by both the NBI and NOAA datasets for the primary purpose of visualization/mapping of locations of bridge IDs and weather stations. 
5. **NBI_Comparative_Exploration.ipynb:** This notebook provides a brief examination of the quantity of non-null entries available for unique bridge IDs for the latest and most recent years of data provided by NBI. 
6. **NBI_Time_Series_Data_For_Clustering.ipynb:** This notebook specifically prepares our NBI data for an initial clustering test. It arranges each bridge ID as a time series for a period of 22 time steps, performing data holding for missing values.
7. **NBI_Weather_data_exploration.ipynb:** This notebook includes early exploration of NBI and NOAA data. Useful code is contained in this notebook for handling conversion of coordinate formats from NBI and NOAA data for proper integration. This notebook also records studies of the geospatial locations of bridges and weather stations.
8. **NOAA_Dataset_Exploration:** This notebook is a very early exploration of the NOAA dataset. It aims to understand the structure of the dataset as well as what type of data is contained within it.

In addition to these notebooks, various excel and csv files are included that the notebooks utilize.

Because of the size of data generated by some of the notebooks, we have stored a majority of the time series data files in csv format in a Google Drive folder.
